lucky little brass bands recently made
some new friends we'd like to invite one
of my new friends to the stage let his
gentleman with your back special welcome
to the stage Susan K
a whole
the leaf is just one thing
and we'd be what they just raised
do we do one thing just crazy grow now
remember back when I was younger we
wanted to do big digs had that hunger
light back when i was playing them
strings are really never thought that i
will wrap up my long things and I was
that kid and all the villagers that
night holy rome love song ridiculous
damn remember when ice the plane DK fun
letters would have is that I thought I
sneaking with a changeup Luke and trying
to get major surprise I gonna just
change labor and I was so damn sharp in
X injury
how far I came in a pity started an open
flame on a mission k interstate just
intellect makes waitress
polly was just one
when you go
co dream go ahead tell me to magic me I
really don't care how me say no drastic
with us it's a back of a geographic was
the magnetic is a plane is that I ratted
up what's the big check it out fantastic
oh I know so did drastic dr. words but
it's cool cause I freestyle do it every
time cuz I know it's so weird Phoenix
death 22nd birthday maybe 20th are
willing here hey listen up I'm and
they're killing it with the roster who
bras badness
step back you said you moved there let
me show you Brian ahead again seek a
good escape name let me show you right
now with the hell's the game go
this just one day
Luigi
Oh
to do
back it up tell me what's the magic much
fuck your dress what's the feeling the
feeling I got the feeling feeling so
appealing the pillar togethers gonna lie
go
they
one
it's been a whole day
bellini live one
Oh
do what
in the hole
me with a whole
bully
dan
glass rustica bras van